Doc updates to clarify the image promotion process (#100387)
kubernetes/kubernetes: test/images/README.md

In order to build the docker test images, a Linux node is required. The node will require `make`,
`docker (version 19.03.0 or newer)`, and ``docker buildx``, which will be used to build multiarch

> images, as well as Windows images.  In order to properly build multiarch and Windows images, some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
images, as well as Windows images. In order to properly build multi-arch and Windows images, some
```

which cannot be immediately resolved, the image version used in E2E tests will be reverted to the
last known stable version.

> Most tests used in E2E testing sute use the `agnhost` image. It contains several subcommands with

Reviewer 2: s/sute/suite

different [functionalities](agnhost/README.md) used to validate different Kubernetes behaviors. If
a new functionality needs testing, consider adding an `agnhost` subcommand for it first, before
creating an entirely separate test image.

> The general process of making updates to the images is the follow:

Author: done

1. [Making changes to an image](#making-changes-to-an-image)
2. [Building the image](#building-images)
3. [Testing your changes](#testing-images)
4. [Promoting your changes](#promoting-images)

> After going through these steps you image will be used in the e2e tests. There are some additional considerations for 

Author: done

./build/run.sh make WHAT=test/e2e/e2e.test
```

After all the above has been done, run the [desired tests](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-testing/e2e-tests.md) to make sure your changes work.

### Promoting Images

Now that you have made the changes and tested locally, you are ready to share those changes.  This is a multi step process:

1. Open a pull request with your changes to the test image (the new functionality and version bump). Go through the review process and merge the pull request. See this [pull request](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/99860/files) for an example.
2. After the pull request has been approved and merged, an **automatic** postsubmit
job will then be triggered which will build the images that were changed.  For example, if a change was
made in `test/images/agnhost`, then the job [post-kubernetes-push-e2e-agnhost-test-images](
https://testgrid.k8s.io/sig-testing-images#post-kubernetes-push-e2e-agnhost-test-images)

> will be triggered. The post submit job will push the images to the `gcr.io/k8s-staging-e2e-test-images` registry. You can use the image

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
will be triggered. The postsubmit job will push the images to the `gcr.io/k8s-staging-e2e-test-images` registry. You can use the image
```

from the staging registry to do more testing if required. All the postsubmit jobs and their logs for all the images can be seen in
[testgrid](https://testgrid.k8s.io/sig-testing-images) which is helpful for troubleshooting.  Note that these images are not the same as used by the e2e jobs and still need to be promoted to the final registry.

> 1. The next step is to promote the image to the `k8s.gcr.io/e2e-test-images` registry by adding a line in

Reviewer 2: s/1./3.

Author: In markdown if you use `1`s in a list then it will render the number for the list automatically.  You can see the rendered file here: https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/a4f51cc963272673969058cbd2283df6f6fbc81c/test/images/README.md

> [kubernetes/k8s.io](https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io/blob/master/k8s.gcr.io/images/k8s-staging-e2e-test-images/images.yaml).  See this [pull request](https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io/pull/1804) for an example You will need the image manifest list's digest, which can be obtained by using [manifesttool](https://github.com/estesp/manifest-tool):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[kubernetes/k8s.io](https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io/blob/master/k8s.gcr.io/images/k8s-staging-e2e-test-images/images.yaml).  See this [pull request](https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io/pull/1804) for an example You will need the image manifest list's digest, which can be obtained by using [manifest-tool](https://github.com/estesp/manifest-tool):
```

    ```bash
    manifest-tool inspect --raw gcr.io/k8s-staging-e2e-test-images/${IMAGE_NAME}:${VERSION} | jq '.[0].Digest'

>     ```

Reviewer 2: Should de unindented

Author: I needed to indent it to get the list to layout properly.  see the rendered view

> 1. Finally you can open a pull request to update the e2e tests to use the newly promoted image by updating the image tag in [test/utils/image/manifest.go file](../utils/image/manifest.go).  See this [pull request](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/100383/files) for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Finally you can open a pull request to update the e2e tests to use the newly promoted image by updating the image tag in [test/utils/image/manifest.go](../utils/image/manifest.go) file. See this [pull request](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/100383/files) for an example.
```

> 1. Finally you can open a pull request to update the e2e tests to use the newly promoted image by updating the image tag in [test/utils/image/manifest.go file](../utils/image/manifest.go).  See this [pull request](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/100383/files) for an example.

Reviewer 2: s/1./4.
